hello friends if you have a video clip that include
it's a great soundtrack that you'd like to burn to CD then here are the steps to do so you
movie maker on the start screen click on the movie maker tile to open
click on ADD video and photos tab and browse to the location of the file you
to get the audio from selective video and click open to load the video into
movie maker when the video loads click the file tab point cursor over
save movie option from the menu that appears and then select audio only from the sun
menu give your audio file in name and it will save as MP 4 slash
AAC by default you can also save it as a WMA file
click save once the conversion completes you can play the file see
that wasn't hard at all thanks for watching